{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green39\blue18;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh13780\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Interview 1
\b0 \

\b Connection with others
\i\b0 \
How often do you go out and meet new people? \cf2 \'91do not stay in touch\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- I go out a fair amount. I do not typically meet many new people, and when I do I usually do not stay in touch with said people.\
\

\i Do you easily connect with people? \cf2 \'91depends on the person and environment\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- I think it depends on the person and the environment in which the interaction occurs. Places in which loud music is being played I find it more difficult to meet people and \'91make connections\'92. Places where this is not the case I usually do not have much trouble meeting people\
\

\i How do you go about connecting with other people now? \cf2 \'91entertaining to all parties involved\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - I talk to them and try to have interesting or amusing interactions that is entertaining to all parties involved\
\

\i What kind of interest do you have in connecting with people? \cf2 \'91companions throughout the journey of life\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- I think it is good to be social and meet new people. The world is a very diverse place, and there are a lot of interesting characters out there that can turn to be great companions throughout the journey of life. \
\

\i What goals do you have related to connecting with other people? \cf2 \'91enjoy spending time with\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- To meet someone that I enjoy spending time with.\
\

\i What ways (online, in person) and what people do you connect with new people or friends? \cf2 \'92connect with new people through social interactions in person\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - I connect with old friends online, through facebook primarily. \
- I connect with new people through social interactions in person\
- I also connect with new friends that I have just met, through Facebook\
\

\i What kind of tasks would you like to accomplish in connecting? \cf2 \'91have a good time and create the potential to have lasting relations with people I enjoy spending time with\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- Depends on the convince and the depth of the connection. If I meet a person that I really enjoy spending time with, but they are only in town for the day, the task that I would like to accomplish can be described as enjoying our time in the moment. With that I would say that my personal goals through attempting to meet new people is to have a good time, and create the potential to have lasting relations with people I enjoy spending time with.\
\

\b Connection with Others, online
\b0 \

\i What ways do you connect online? \cf2 \'91Facebook as a means to stay in touch with people\'92\cf0 \
- 
\i0 I enjoy to use Facebook as a means to stay in touch with people I have not seen for awhile. It is a great tool because people lose their contacts on their phones, and as a result, one can use Facebook as a means to get back in touch with people that otherwise may not be possible.\
\

\i What role does online privacy play for you in regards to sharing personal information? \cf2 \'91willing to share basic information\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - I do not like any of my personal information to be shared\
- I am willing to share basic information such as my first name, age, but not much more than basic information\
\

\b Connecting with others in person after connecting online\

\i\b0 Do you connect in person with people after connecting online? \cf2 \'91never connected with a person after connecting online\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - I have never connected with a person after connecting online. I do not have anything against this practice, but due to the limited technology within my phone I have never had the pleasure. \
\

\b Smartphone use
\b0 \
NA\
\

\b Connecting with people around you in person with a smartphone
\b0 \

\i If you had an app that gave you some kind of information about the people immediately around you, would that help you connect with them? \cf2 \'91common goal of meeting people\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - Yes, if there was an application in which the users all had a common goal of meeting people than I think it would help one connect with others
\i \
How so? \cf2 \'91inevitably would help people meet each other\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - If this application is comprised of active users with the common goal of meeting new people, if this application effectively brings those parties together than it inevitably would help people meet each other\

\i What kind of information would be most helpful? \cf2 \'91age, place of growth, high school, college, mutual friends, hobbies, job\'92\cf0 \

\i0 - I think that name, age, place of growth, high school, college, mutual friends, hobbies, job, all would be information that would be interesting and effective in bringing people together as a means to break the ice between new groups of people.\

\i In this case, what kind of information would you be willing to share? \cf2 \'91as long as I am able to see the same information in return\'92
\i0 \cf0 \
- I think I would be willing to share the above information as long as I am able to see the same information in return\
}